README.md, before:

# Vue 3 project template in Vite

## Installation

After cloning project install dependencies.

Run: `npm install`

## Getting started

1. Setup `.env` file (`.env.example` is included in project files):

- BASE_URL = `<your web app url, default: http://localhost:5000>`
- API_URL = `<your API url for Axios>`

2. Run project: `npm run devv`

### Run ESLint

ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. Want running all the time? [ESLint Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/)

`npm run lint`

### Run Prettier

Format code. Want format on save? [Prettier Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)

`npm run format`

### Build project

`npm run build`

### Preview project

`npm run preview`

## Pre-installed Dependencies

### Vue

Vue is a JavaScript framework that facilitates the UI (user interface) development of websites and single-page applications. [Documentation](https://vuejs.org/)

### Vite

Vite is a frontend tool that is used for building fast and optimized web applications. That's actually a development enviroment. [Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)

### Axios

Use Axios to Generate HTTP Requests. Axios is a promise-based HTTP library that lets you consume an API service. It offers different ways of making HTTP requests such as GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)

### Element-plus

Vue 3 based component library for designers and developers. [Documentation](https://element-plus.org/en-US/)

### Pinia

Pinia is a store library for Vue, it allows you to share a state across components/pages. [Documentation](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html)

### Pinia plugin persisted state

Pinia-plugin-persistedstate comes with many features to make persistence of Pinia stores effortless. [Documentation](https://prazdevs.github.io/pinia-plugin-persistedstate/guide/)

### Vue Cookies

Cookie management package. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cookies)

### Vue Router

Creating a Single-page Application with Vue + Vue Router feels natural: with Vue.js, we are already composing our application with components. When adding Vue Router to the mix, all we need to do is map our components to the routes and let Vue Router know where to render them.
[Documentation](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/)

### Vitejs Plugin Vue

When vitejs/plugin-vue compiles the template blocks in SFCs, it also converts any encountered asset URLs into ESM imports. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vitejs/plugin-vue)

### Vite Plugin Pages

Unplugin-vue-router is a unplugin library created by @posva, same auther as vue-router. It provide almost same feature as vite-plugin-pages but better intergration with vue-router, include some cool feature like auto generate route types base on your route files to provide autocomplete for vue-router.
[Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-pages)

### ESLint

ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. [Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/)

### Prettier

Code formater. [Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)

Commit message:

Backoffice and main page improvements

README.md, after:

# Meal order appliaction frontend

## Description

## User story

- One person can order one menu
- One order request can contain few persons/menus
- Menu must have main course and can have appetizer and/or dessert
- Every menu can have more drinks to choose with
- Choosing menu must have pagination and sorting and can be filtered by type

## Admin story

- Application must have `back-office` for admin management

### Management

- Drink management
- Menu management
- Order management

## Installation

After cloning project install dependencies.

Run: `npm install`

## Getting started

1. Setup `.env` file (`.env.example` is included in project files):

- BASE_URL = `<your web app url, default: http://localhost:5000>`
- API_URL = `<your API url for Axios>`

2. Run project: `npm run dev`

### Run ESLint

ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. Want running all the time? [ESLint Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/)

`npm run lint`

### Run Prettier

Format code. Want format on save? [Prettier Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)

`npm run format`

### Build project

`npm run build`

### Preview project

`npm run preview`

## Pre-installed Dependencies

### Vue

Vue is a JavaScript framework that facilitates the UI (user interface) development of websites and single-page applications. [Documentation](https://vuejs.org/)

### Vite

Vite is a frontend tool that is used for building fast and optimized web applications. That's actually a development enviroment. [Documentation](https://vitejs.dev/)

### Axios

Use Axios to Generate HTTP Requests. Axios is a promise-based HTTP library that lets you consume an API service. It offers different ways of making HTTP requests such as GET, POST, PUT, and DELETE. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/axios)

### Element-plus

Vue 3 based component library for designers and developers. [Documentation](https://element-plus.org/en-US/)

### Pinia

Pinia is a store library for Vue, it allows you to share a state across components/pages. [Documentation](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html)

### Pinia plugin persisted state

Pinia-plugin-persistedstate comes with many features to make persistence of Pinia stores effortless. [Documentation](https://prazdevs.github.io/pinia-plugin-persistedstate/guide/)

### Vue Cookies

Cookie management package. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vue-cookies)

### Vue Router

Creating a Single-page Application with Vue + Vue Router feels natural: with Vue.js, we are already composing our application with components. When adding Vue Router to the mix, all we need to do is map our components to the routes and let Vue Router know where to render them.
[Documentation](https://router.vuejs.org/guide/)

### Vitejs Plugin Vue

When vitejs/plugin-vue compiles the template blocks in SFCs, it also converts any encountered asset URLs into ESM imports. [Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@vitejs/plugin-vue)

### Vite Plugin Pages

Unplugin-vue-router is a unplugin library created by @posva, same auther as vue-router. It provide almost same feature as vite-plugin-pages but better intergration with vue-router, include some cool feature like auto generate route types base on your route files to provide autocomplete for vue-router.
[Documentation](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vite-plugin-pages)

### ESLint

ESLint statically analyzes your code to quickly find problems. [Documentation](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/)

### Prettier

Code formater. [Documentation](https://prettier.io/docs/en/)
